When picking up this project my main goal was to accomplish as much as possible from the client requirements while maintaining the structure set before me. 

Fonts:
Even though the family stacks were set up through out the project without having the fonts included by file or api they were not expressed. 
I chose to use the google font api to alleviate this issue however google fonts documentation does allow for downloading font files to use in non-commercial settings.
For the future, I would use something that is not dependent on the google api in the event that google decides to discontinue or change the fonts used. 

Site Logos:
This was rather difficult as I was unsure of how to test for accuracy. I added @media labels corresponding to adjustments for resolution of retina screens,
I also adjusted the image source of the logos to bb-logo-2x in order to accomodate for the difference in resolution. (see line 321-333 of main.css)
For the future, ensuring the the accomodation requirements are fully met.

Icon: 
I took the missing icons from the PSD and added them as png files. The icons are placed appropriately.
I also added and realigned the social media icons in the footer.
For the Future, I would eliminate the Google + icon from the list as it has be sunset by the company. 
I would also use more better icons than the ones I was able to produce as they are a tad bit misaligned form the cropping process.

Slideshow: 
I extracted two additional images and added js to create the slide show.
For the future I would edit the code to create a smoother transition between slides and also edit the html and js to make the slideshow 
dynamically render, to make changing the photos easier and faster. 

Footer:
As previously noted I added the social media icons and made them align horizontally. Using css, I adjusted the footer menu to collapse on smaller screens. 
The menu expands when mouse hovers over the Title. For the future, continue to adjust the styling and responsiveness of the footer such as font sizing. 
Items such as making the menus more responsive with javascript funtionality, altering html elements with the use of css and js. 





